If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when we are able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must appear inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near.
Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.
In the midst of chaos, there is also opportunity.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is temperamental, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant. If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them. If sovereign and subject are in accord, put division between them. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected.
The greatest victory is that which requires no battle.
You can either be a smart fella or a fart smella
With great power comes great responsibility
It's morbin' time
I'm going ghost
Whatever you do, don't show all your techniques on a YouTube video. You fool, you moron.
I am become Death, destroyer of worlds.
Don't you lecture me with your $30 haircut
Bababooie
any female born after 1993 can't cook... all they know is mcdonald's, charge they phone, twerk, be bisexual, eat hot chip & lie
Please take a shower immediately
What is drip if not swag persevering
Lmao i did ur mom
Bazinga
I survived because the fire inside me burned brighter than the fire around me.
Hypocrite that you are, for you trust the chemicals in your brain to tell you they are chemicals. All knowledge is ultimately based on that which we cannot prove. Will you fight? Or will you perish like a dog?
This really was Jojo's Bizzare Adventure
Why isn't it possible you stupid bastard
Did anyone else imagine a little guy running beside the car doing parkour over the signs?
Oh the misery Every single person is my enemy
AMONG US
Somebody once told me the world was gonna roll me
Stop saying dumbass things you're not making any sense
I'm in the kitchen. Yams everywhere.
Yama da llama llama chgamba gamba (voice crackin')
I said (he's a genius)
It's off the top for real, all this off the top (I feel, I feel, I feel)
Yaba dababada when da beat drop (beat drop)
Nants ingonyama bagithi baba
Fortnite Battlepass
what the dog doin?
When I die, I swear to god I hope no one makes up fake quotes from my book
trans rights
Precept One: 'Always Win Your Battles'. Losing a battle earns you nothing and teaches you nothing. Win your battles, or don't engage in them at all!
I save dick by giving it CPR
DPS is just mitigating future damage
Goku Nuts
Machine, I will cut. You. Down. Break you apart, splay the gore of your profane form across the stars! I will grind you down until the very SPARKS CRY FOR MERCY! MY HANDS SHALL RELISH ENDING YOU HERE! AND! NOW!!!
BEHOLD! THE POWER OF AN ANGEL!
This prison... to hold... me?
MY DAD GROUNDED ME MACHINE, AND HE WON'T READ ME BIBLE STORIES TONIGHT!
I AM GOING TO ULTRAKILL YOU! YOU INSIGNIFICANT FUCK!
I DO NOT HAVE DADDY ISSUES I AM PAPAS SPECIAL FUCKING BOY
Creature of Steel, my gratitude upon thee for my freedom. But the crimes thy kind have committed against humanity are not forgotten. And thy punishment... IS DEATH!
Own a musket for home defense, since that's what the founding fathers intended. Four ruffians break into my house. "What the devil?" As I grab my powdered wig and Kentucky rifle. Blow a golf ball sized hole through the first man, he's dead on the spot. Draw my pistol on the second man, miss him entirely because it's smoothbore and nails the neighbors dog. I have to resort to the cannon mounted at the top of the stairs loaded with grape shot, "Tally ho lads" the grape shot shreds two men in the blast, the sound and extra shrapnel set off car alarms. Fix bayonet and charge the last terrified rapscallion. He Bleeds out waiting on the police to arrive since triangular bayonet wounds are impossible to stitch up. Just as the founding fathers intended.
I never said this
Everyone's an atheist until they clog the toilet in someone else's house
*teleports behind you* nothing personell kid
Babe, its me, Sun Tzu. You've been in a comma and I have been trying to get this message to you for years.. From what the doctors discovered in your dreams you believe that I am some sort of ancient Chinese general but I am actually your husband. Please baby, wake up
The naked man fears no pickpocket
I said right foot creep, ooh, I'm walking with that heater
Don't kill the part of you that's cringe, kill the part of you that cringes
A fool tries to be based but only achieves cringe. A wise man embraces their cringe and becomes based
If dreams can come true then what does that say about nightmares
i hope you explode
L
L + ratio + 
:3
where's everyone going? bingo?
yowai mo~
弱いも～
Shakespeare makes me happy!
oo ee oo I look just like Buddy Holly
I'm tired of having sex
